config: expose configured names (#10688)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/config-info-hierarchy.md

## feature/config

> * `config:info()` and its alias `box.info.config` now has the `hierarchy` field
>   that shows configured instance, replicaset and group names (gh-10308).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `config:info()` and its alias `box.info.config` now has the `hierarchy` field
  that shows the configured instance, replica set, and group names (gh-10308).
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.
